Sources/Numerix/Numerix.docc/Multiplication.md, before:

# Multiplication

Multiplication operators for Vector and Matrix structures.

## Overview

Most of the vector and matrix multiplication operators use `*` but there are some differences that should be noted. For example, element-wise vector multiplication is performed with the `*` operator while element-wise matrix multiplication uses the `.*` operator. See the table below for a summary of the multiplication operators. In the table, scalars are represented by `s`, vectors by lower case letters such as `a` and `b`, and matrices by upper case letters `A` and `B`.

Description                                      | Operation
------------------------------------------------ | ---------
Element-wise multiplication of scalar and vector | `s * b`   
Element-wise multiplication of vector and scalar | `a * s`   
Element-wise multiplication of two vectors       | `a * b`
Element-wise multiplication of two matrices      | `A .* B`   
Multiplication of two matrices                   | `A * B`   


## Topics

### Scalar-Vector multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-430lu``
- ``*(_:_:)-8s6rb``

### Vector-Scalar multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-4eb93``
- ``*(_:_:)-4c96n``

### Vector-Vector multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-2quv6``
- ``*(_:_:)-6qpmi``

### Scalar-Matrix multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-55l1g``
- ``*(_:_:)-ovlq``

### Matrix multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-3dhox``
- ``*(_:_:)-16bxl``
- ``*(_:_:)-9iigj``

- ``*=(_:_:)-7ccv4``
- ``*=(_:_:)-7bvjy``

- ``.*(_:_:)-1fnxr``
- ``.*(_:_:)-1isgw``

- ``⊙(_:_:)-3cut5``
- ``⊙(_:_:)-73mgh``

Commit message:

Add multiply functions and operators for ShapedArray

Sources/Numerix/Numerix.docc/Multiplication.md, after:

# Multiplication

Multiplication functions and operators for Vector, Matrix, and ShapedArray structures.

## Overview

Functions and operators for multiplication of vectors, matrices, and shaped arrays are listed below. Notice that some of these operations are element-wise multiplication while others are vector or matrix multiplication. See the documentation for each function or operator for more details.

## Topics

### Scalar-Vector multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-430lu``
- ``*(_:_:)-8s6rb``

### Vector-Scalar multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-4eb93``
- ``*(_:_:)-4c96n``

### Vector-Vector multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-2quv6``
- ``*(_:_:)-6qpmi``

### Scalar-Matrix multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-55l1g``
- ``*(_:_:)-ovlq``

### Matrix multiplication

- ``*(_:_:)-3dhox``
- ``*(_:_:)-16bxl``
- ``*(_:_:)-9iigj``

- ``*=(_:_:)-7ccv4``
- ``*=(_:_:)-7bvjy``

- ``.*(_:_:)-1fnxr``
- ``.*(_:_:)-1isgw``

- ``⊙(_:_:)-3cut5``
- ``⊙(_:_:)-73mgh``

### Scalar-ShapedArray multiplication

- ``multiply(_:_:)-9b402``
- ``multiply(_:_:)-5waof``
- ``*(_:_:)-44j4w``
- ``*(_:_:)-8hzpo``

### ShapedArray-Scalar multiplication

- ``multiply(_:_:)-8ht0a``
- ``multiply(_:_:)-85jtc``
- ``*(_:_:)-20pnt``
- ``*(_:_:)-7nhdg``

### ShapedArray-ShapedArray multiplication

- ``multiply(_:_:)-2we2l``
- ``multiply(_:_:)-4zivd``
- ``*(_:_:)-107mf``
- ``*(_:_:)-4afe8``
